README.md, before:

# Vue Box
Pulls in single Vue component files and allows you to isolate the JS of your vue to perform tests on your functionality, gives you the entire object (it will automatically exclude other components being set/used)

Please report any issues as soon as you can, I am one man and cannot test every need, or situation thank you!

### Arguments
Vue Box takes two arguments:

- `vuePath`: `String` - A String pointing to the directory of your vue file
- `options`: `Object` - An object of options to help Vue Box

### Options
- `blacklistNames`: `Array` - An array of Strings to skip over if it is found within your imports
- `localModuleAlias`: `String` - A string that your local modules use
- `localPath`: `String` - A string that points to the directory of your local paths

```js
const vueBox = require('vue-box');
const myComponent = vueBox('path/to/directory', {
	blacklistNames: [], // Default
	localModuleAlias: '', // Default
	localPath: '' // Default
});
```

### How To
Simply pass in the string of the .vue file and the module will do the rest

The module will automatically grab dependencies your component needs based on its imports/requires, you can set blacklisted names in order to skip certain imports (such as other components)

```js
const vueBox = require('vue-box');
const myComponent = vueBox('path/to/directory', options);
// You can pass in an object to this function to set data to the fake this
const instance = myComponent({
	myData: 'Test'
});
```

### Methods

#### getThis()
Returns the vue this scope current to the instance, useful for checking or faking data needed in methods.
```js
const vueThis = instance.getThis();
```

#### getVueExport()
Returns the main export object that is set in the vue component
```js
const vueExport = instance.getVueExport();
```

Commit message:

Added setThis method, Stabilized some features, Added in tests for the project

README.md, after:

# Vue Box
Pulls in single Vue component files and allows you to isolate the JS of your vue to perform tests on your functionality, gives you the entire object (it will automatically exclude other components being set/used)

Please report any issues as soon as you can, I am one man and cannot test every need, or situation thank you!

### Changelog
> v1.0.1
> - Stabilized how the ending bracket could break the process, depending on if you used a semi colon or not
> - Added in tests now so you can see the module in action and see how it runs in your test files
> - Added `setThis` method to allow the user to set the this scope later if they want to call their data method
> - Some more stabilization fixes


### Arguments
Vue Box takes two arguments:

- `vuePath`: `String` - A String pointing to the directory of your vue file
- `options`: `Object` - An object of options to help Vue Box

### Options
- `blacklistNames`: `Array` - An array of Strings to skip over if it is found within your imports
- `localModuleAlias`: `String` - A string that your local modules use
- `localPath`: `String` - A string that points to the directory of your local paths

```js
const vueBox = require('vue-box');
const myComponent = vueBox('path/to/directory', {
	blacklistNames: [], // Default
	localModuleAlias: '', // Default
	localPath: '' // Default
});
```

### How To
Simply pass in the string of the .vue file and the module will do the rest

The module will automatically grab dependencies your component needs based on its imports/requires, you can set blacklisted names in order to skip certain imports (such as other components)

```js
const vueBox = require('vue-box');
const myComponent = vueBox('path/to/directory', options);
// You can pass in an object to this function to set data to the fake this
const instance = myComponent({
	myData: 'Test'
});
```

### Methods

#### getThis()
Returns the vue this scope current to the instance, useful for checking or faking data needed in methods.
```js
const vueThis = instance.getThis();
```

#### setThis()
Sets the this scope of your vue object to whatever argument you send. (you can also just send an object as shown above)
```js
// We can call the data function inside our vue object to get your data back that you set there
instance.setThis(instance.getVueExport().data());
```

#### getVueExport()
Returns the main export object that is set in the vue component
```js
const vueExport = instance.getVueExport();
```
